Hello my name is Max S Weinhold, today May 14, NZ time. 

We have an environment (front fell off joke) 

in the environment, I like to say we belay operators. 

An operation somewhat more processy-er than an operator may consist of an operation incl(or) object

In composing with a mandatory inclusion of object-types we sacrifice generality for precision 

However an object, as oriented by programming, is declared globally or in-process, with respect to variables, that when created are kept of in memory to perform mathematical and generally logical operations. 

 Usefully, I only create one, which we might provide as a tac-spread, as a singular ensemble of questions we would ask on a space, represented in ambient energy harmonics. 

The singular whole, represented in objects as a variable as a distribution, is a conformational-rotation-full digitless exchange and correlation function between a wrap and itself, which isn't a string since strings don't index outside of tension. 

And with wedge form a tingling form smooth space via surgery. 

In this, check it: tac(oooa*(1/e{xkgr}):?~?

As an associated response had I belayed that collection in a proof. 

treating as such, a ooo as a regular signal and a as anaccompanied modification, treating as a process {xkgr} and $~$ as a recognition tab. Had we recieved fewer oooa in a subsequent epoch, assuming a transporter or catalyst were responsible, we would detect a signal we could compose as a 4-by exponential, and exceedingly exceeding for >1 and less than exceedingly exceeding for <1 and 1e for 1  and the inverse is a simple reductive notion. 




As an example

tac(fragment)a +aakuek-uekkue++kuekuekuek * * * * tac(exceedingly void)


Calculating inverse. Programmable. 

Return structure kae+kuee 

If substitutable calculus 'no

kokeakuyue


And I give you 3 options: 

To hear, hear record, or ask to record an instance of this code in lifetime sounds 

As such provide substitutable with nature

To allow exceedingly void to become a computable process in a long years runtime, as providing complexity and error generation. 

To be a code indexable by yourself, created as cryptographic wallet

All we would need to decode, for the former, is a sensory environment. 


Olufen philikay khalic ú ghelic úu. Beelucup nk keko ilukiko: kuleklik bykejle kulatzen sants y gerhalusely. Ghelac y gnolec kollekye.

Easily accessible with many months transcribing a dictionary like base bind bend bounce. 

I have in my possession a harddrive, of unknown value. The keyless phonetic-translation unlocks the wallet. 

Or, if you invent a code, show mye a scene>

